
An Eclipse statistics tracking plug-in.

The development of this project has been stopped.



Version 1.2.1 is available now

Eclipse update site: http://rabbit-eclipse.googlecode.com/svn/site/updatesite
Or try https if the above doesn't work for you: https://rabbit-eclipse.googlecode.com/svn/site/updatesite




What is Rabbit?

Rabbit is a statistics tracking plug-in for Eclipse. It runs silently in the background to record how you spend your time within Eclipse and reports the data back to you whenever you want it to - in a useful way. Currently, it can tell you the following:

Commands - How often you use each commands (cut, copy, paste etc), do you know which is your favorite?
Editors and Views - Time spent using different tool within Eclipse, such as Java Editor, Outline view.
Perspectives - Time spent using different perspectives.
Sessions - Time spent using Eclipse.
Resources - Time spent working on difference resources such as files, projects.
Java Elements - Time spent working on Java elements such as classes, methods.
Launches - Launches such application runs, debug runs etc, and the relevant files will be recorded too when you step into them using the during debugging.
Task - Time spent working on tasks (tasks in Task List view) and resources.
Rabbit is intelligent, it only tracks time when Eclipse is active, that means if Eclipse's window is not focused, tracking will be paused, and if Eclipse's window is focused but no keyboard/mouse event is received in a certain amount of time, tracking will also be paused. So leave Eclipse open and go out for launch if you like, Rabbit will be sleeping while you eat!

The Rabbit view is where you can view the data in a graphical way, it also has a few useful features to help you see the data the way you want to, like grouping by dates, highlighting different types of elements with colors, and more.




Why use Rabbit?

It's a fun thing to know what you've done, and it can reveal interesting things about you that you never knew.
